Sister Luo Ying, how is my dad?
The surgery was a success.
Uncle is safe
Really? That's great, Sister Luo Ying
My dad is finally okay
That's not possible.
I think you said that because you were afraid of an accident
Dean, I think you should call the security
Then you can go in and check it out yourself.
Otherwise, I'm afraid some people will escape from here
Still stubborn
I just heard
Someone wants to kowtow to my senior sister and worship her teacher?
Then how can I be considered your uncle?
Listen to my uncle's advice
Keep your head down
Pardon me?
Boy, I don't know you right now
What will happen to the patient in a while?
See how I treat you
Quit Dr. Luo?
Something happened in the operating room?
Medical malpractice at best
But some people are not even doctors
If something goes wrong, I'm afraid I have to wear the old bottom
The director doesn't believe it
Dean, you can go in and have a look
OK
Don't worry, you still don't believe my senior sister.
Miss Zhong, you have to take good care of people
If you run away in a while, don't blame me for not reminding you
Teacher, how about the two of us make a bet?
What do you read?
Very simple.
Didn't you just kowtow to my senior sister?
If my senior sister really cured the patient
You give me one too
Anyway, am I your uncle?
You don't lose either.
Okay, bet if you lose
Just kowtow three times on the ground
Then turn yourself in, no problem